Okay okay And then we're going to have
something to do The last question Okay then
[Music] [Music
]
[Music] [Music] [Music
] [Music
] [
Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
The last question Okay then
[Music] [
Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music] [Music] [
Music] [
Music]
The last question okay
you call me Forgive me again I'm going to
tell you
[Music]
then David then David
then
[Music]
David then had after had after had after
David then had after had after
please
[Music]
forgive me again
[Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [
Music]
Okay family Good afternoon Today I've
decided to start Early in theory let's
see I think I'll mess it up a bit because in
theory I've started the live today is the
day
Javi Tan  You're here early
my workday isn't over yet but I can't
miss the sauce and those glasses I've
never seen you with glasses
they're also anti-glare anti-this with
the blue screen like for the eyes look look
plus they're really big I mean
look here I'm going to watch a video to
plagiarize it like the turbo plugin and let's
see Look Ah well of course what happens is
that they're reflecting this screen
so you'd never catch me Because if I
'm here plagiarizing a video for
example look I'm going to put Quesada
guys we have Ricky
and talking about the final I mean here I can't
flag much from the Red Bull
not from yesterday when we saw it we commented on it
here I can't plagiarize people like
the turbo plan does that they catch it by the
glasses let's
see it start live because yesterday I had some
kids' songs left and I was going to
record them like when I record the
TV videos for SEO like
recorded pim pim pim pim but I say to record it like this to
see it like this I record it I
open it directly the moment I record it and then I
leave okay but of course it's that I'm
seeing that  in the end between
the dog running out I don't know I don't know what it is it's
almost 9
So
in the end surely before
the live ends they will have sent us
today's news
in the end before the live starts
before the live ends they will have
sent us today's news but anyway
let's go let's
see
I would like to see some videos that
Dallas man has uploaded too
I would also like to see some videos that
Dallas has uploaded
Okay family first of all let me tell you
that in the end Abi missed her appointment with
yo internet she had an appointment with a program
with yo internet or this Thursday because
the last one standing won not as a
special interviewer due to the
event and it turns out that at the last
minute the appointment was canceled we don't
know exactly why let's
read the tweets But anyway in theory she
had arranged to meet them according to what she is
telling us here in the tweet itself not to
avoid coinciding with ofslock who has a
very complicated name it never comes out right
no orslock kid finally today there will
be no program we will see you next
Monday with an internet or musical tomorrow we
will announce Who is coming to answer
questions says Abi that there is  people who
believed it was going to be a gossip podcast
or something
invited me to go saying that there wouldn't
be anyone who could make the
show uncomfortable that's why I accepted in the
end no not by my decision or
anything but zero problems I do
n't know what happened I don't know what
happened the truth is I don't know if there was a
bad vibe or that those who had some
problem because they invited her I do
n't know or rather honestly I don't know why
Because if she hasn't had she says
that she hasn't canceled the appointment although
the reason is unknown the program on yo
internet or where would Abi be It was
canceled at the last minute so Aby
said that she had complained a
little about the hate that had fallen on her for
this which wasn't much she wasn't the one to
blame and that the decision to cancel
hadn't been hers
or any idea and I think we'll never know let's see
wait a moment because they are
writing to me by DM So maybe it
's some information on this subject
precisely
Dallas just fought with
Who is José Lote man
Who is José Lote
is that I hear his name a lot I
hear his name a lot
but no I don't know who he is
Who is Jose Lote
Ocelote the creator of G2 And what happened to
Chostos Let's see what It turns out that
Dallas just had a fight with
him no amount of money
business fame and applause is going to force me to
change my principles I am free you can't shut me up I'm
not going back
restrooms a favor Stop following me on
social media because more content is coming So
this week I'll spend extra gas on the
Jet What is he doing I mean
But what's going on with the elote and
why is he debating with Chostos And
why does he say he's leaving
dala says you're spending like a clown
the little money you earned after
years of being a fool and now you're
trying to return to your time as a famous
LoL player in 2012 after automilling yourself
and leaving your team now you're acting like a
macho man you're forgotten bro
retire summary it was discovered coselotte
is a friend of Andrew tate and they have
very similar ideologies about women
and not in a good way
And I don't know either Who is Andrew
tate we have  some of us have some
context there he was fired for
hanging out with a guy who was canceled
of all places for being sexist Yeah
So ocelote is the creator
of a company no that is 2gs no that
is a company of basically correct me
if I'm wrong okay because I have not
prepared this subject and they just
sent it to me by md and it has taken me a little by
surprise I mean 2g is like one of
these LoL companies not one of these that organizes
tournaments
it's a team it's a team in a company
Okay well I thought it was a company
that organizes teams okay that
organizes the tournaments I mean G2 is an
esport team Okay and elche was the
founder Okay and they fired him because they caught him
hanging out with a like But why do they
cancel him for and they fired him from his job
for what he did to another let's see I'm going to
look for Andrew tate
big 2g Hey listen to me not that
much eh
[Music]
Andrew tate
I know who this is because come on I don't know
who he is but I've seen him I've seen
videos made on your on the
Bowling volleyball channel and on Twitter okay And
what happens is that it's like very sexist or what
the hated Andrew tate insults and laughs
at the Spanish that [ __ ] you Spain
Let's see let's see let's
see
This video of Jordi to put myself in
context
let's find out let's find out about the
gossip on the biggest gossip channel let's
not
Let's catch up on
my boss's channel because he does know the
context and I don't
know Who Andrew is it does
n't sound familiar they were the same as me no it doesn't sound familiar
that this summer there was a guy
who was a former world champion I think of as a
millionaire kick boxing champion I don't know why If it was
for poker or for betting I would say for
Poker Yes yes yes and especially the last one
that was that it went quite viral
because he
said a lot of harsh messages on social networks let's
see some of the messages that I saw
were not like very, I mean it was they
were harsh in the sense that they
are things that maybe many people did
not dare to say that I think it was
like a tax issue, things with the
mask  and things like that you know
but already bad bad bad things and
cancellations I haven't heard about I mean I've been
Maybe in Narnia it's worth it very
entrepreneurial and many very very very crazy
especially the llamachistas
like the authentic man is like that
let's say that concept of the
real man the real man who doesn't let himself it's
not that he laughs he was at the
Spanish let's see it's not that he laughed at
the Spanish he laughed at the Spanish
who are idiots you know he has
very shady videos let's see he laughed at the
Spanish in the sense that they swallow
everything that the government does I mean
in that sense he
knows In that sense But well a
broken clock tells the time right twice a
day of course exactly exactly that would be it let's
see It's that I know that
invictor uploaded those clicks and
I said Oh and that's the only thing but he doesn't even know
who he was or why he would be famous you know
you are Jordi to criticize someone
sexist let's see I know that Jordi has done
many sexist things but it's not that I
know it's okay No  is that I know it is that he
knows it but man let's see
Jordi is on this occasion talking about
someone in the present He is not
blaming someone How it was
in the past you know I don't know how I will be
today Because it's not that I follow him
that much and he does make a lot of mistakes
But if you're referring to the videos
from the past, girl, [ __ ]
manipulate but it was it was done very well this
summer okay I really didn't
find out about Antuita until now that I've
investigated a little because she got so
far ahead to say such beastly things
that TikTok Instagram and Twitter
closed her accounts at the same time like we'll
ban you and I think YouTube also
banned you from the internet for all
that she says but you can't give me any
examples a barbarity
when I've seen some story or
something it was like that roll like
well
and clear then suddenly when I started
looking
so much that I don't think I believe it, I mean I think it
's a character who said things
that don't make any sense more or less
you have professional notions
of video games There is a very important one
called YouTube the G2 that was
founded by a person named
Well I think they won some
important title and at a celebration or it was a
birthday celebration okay in a
video that they made someone was
Spanish
I put red lines or something like that once
I have friends what point do I want to
have Ah or so but I don't
understand I mean I'm
missing I'm missing context I mean how
strong how strong is what
tate elche said so that not only is he
expelled from the networks but he is
fired from his job for being
his friend
for being a friend period and end this became
very very big because before right now
a very controversial person and first they
removed him And although he was the boss the
board of directors removed him like
temporarily and finally they
fired him I don't know if they fired him or he
himself decided to leave But he made a
video where he explained
How do you see this I mean a
business person I have a friend who is a
real scoundrel a piece of garbage a person
in some way invalidates him from continuing he
said that if his girlfriend had onlyfans she
had to give him a percentage of what she
earned because he is the owner of it but  He
said seriously, I mean, it wasn't
dark humor or anything like that, he said it
completely convinced,
kidnapping, sexual abuse,
pyramid schemes and things that are very, very
shady.
What are you saying? He says a lot of stupid things about
women. He's the typical guy who goes through
life as an alpha male, a character of being an
entrepreneur when in theory they
invalidated. Oh, of course, that's why
and because his reaction was
very belligerent, very like, I have some
friends who really get my balls off. No,
you guys, how do you see this? Do you think
the reaction was exaggerated or that he
really? A person who has a
company like G2 who wants to be inclusive,
who wants to have values,
once Ross said that before he did what he
did to create controversy, it was like a
way to grow on YouTube and almost all
the old channels that I know have
controversial pasts, it's funny.
Thank you very much, queen. Lately I haven't
been pinning the link for the members,
man, I mean, I'm a little, I'm a little bit
ambitious, no, I'm a
little greedy, I'm a little greedy,
eh? Lately I haven't been posting, I don't post
the member link and
anyone who wants to become a member can, no, let's see the whole thing, it
's something that you  be controversial or
polemic but something else that spreads hate
and racism and machismo and homophobia and these
things not sports
and it gives me a guy who messes with
everyone and all that but he also said
that women are just
sexual objects okay But what the one who said it
was let's see let's look for another
What happened Well look basically about
four days ago or something he uploaded
a video in which he was partying with
Andrew tape who is the person that you already
know has been canceled from
everyone literally canceled okay It's not
canceled like from tiktok and he would be
happy
Oh my God he said this about a
streamer no no no no canceled they've
kicked him from all platforms they've
kicked him from Facebook from YouTube from Twitter
from Instagram and from tiktok I mean he doesn't have
access to any platform to any
platform what happened Well the
zealot
uploaded a video to his account in which he
was partying with Andrew
for a second And
what happened Well that
but anyway dude let's
watch the video
Carlos r the valorant one won laud Oh
well I don't know here the guy says that
celebrating the G2 championship Ah
friend, well These are clear Here's the
point
Here's the point
Carlos r here would be the point that you
're not knowing how to explain to me Look
Carlos
Well I'll put it right Carlos r
But what is the [ __ ] Twitter account
What is the [ __ ] Twitter account What
was the [ __ ] Twitter account someone tell me I
wish all women would spread
because they are horrible there is no such thing as a
good woman I hate women and I am
openly misogynistic
it's an exaggeration
already but you don't know the context
and the context Learn English bro I mean
what he did would be here okay I mean what he
did what he did
was justify it no longer
simply say well I'm friends with whoever
wants and it has nothing to do with my
work but justify it but of course
here's the thing
here the thing would be
in the Spotify your lifting listening to are
way that make me Happy
some for you in the dark open
has deleted the video
has deleted the video no Carlos r
but let's see where the video is that he uploaded
with him has deleted it
has deleted it okay
so we go back to the cake video
then The Movida would be The Movida would be that in the tweet he is already mixing you up with G2 Watch the interview with ocelote in the resistance 4 years ago The Movida that he is mixing you up Oh really, really, the chocas dude has already uploaded a video like I'm being honest with
you I'm sorry I'm having a bad streak
in the end he is the victim this guy has already
uploaded a video that he is the victim
after having [ __ ] on his parents
dude
really a lot of cloth eh
What is the height of a friend
that is the height of a kid dude
Dale made a video for him Yeah yeah let's
see it now to see the stutter they showed
him
before the friend deleted it okay
look and then in the tweet it says
Yesterday
siligrated the 12 works Champions League
you know so there he is mixing you up
the company with this guy That's where
I see the problem perhaps not apart from
then the ways and the
bully answers that he has given touching the problem
the problem
would be the problem It would be that he is
mixing up the company or in other words something that
you do outside the company without having
the friendships no that
wants and so on and another thing is that you
do it by mixing your company that wants to
be inclusive
okay let's see they're having a party and here we have
Android so they're Well
they're celebrating any x thing
together with Andrew tate and it's like Ah
Well they're having a party dude it's not like
Ah well they're having
any fun not something related to
the company no And then let's continue with the
tweets of Dallas isn't he
spending like a clown the little
money you spent after years
doing the parallel man let's see little
money I don't think that man has earned a
little money not a little money
regardless of whether he's an [ __ ]
not a little money I
don't know
okay what I'm seeing is that he's
like very boastful no that he likes
taking pictures a lot he has 40 million
dollars
he has 40 million dollars
and now you're trying to return to your time as a
famous LoL in 2012 after
self-milling and leaving your team now you're acting like a
machomeño you're forgotten
bro retire
hello bro I don't know who the [ __ ] you are I just
saw your profile that  have you had a
nose job
have you thought about getting the rest of your
face done hello [ __ ] let's
see
[Music]
sure let's see those are very weak arguments
no I mean they're like
not very basic insults not from
street kids not like what a face I open your
nose wait your face you know he
went to the gym Well you went to work on your
arms but your face can't be done No
but of course like A greeting for [ __ ] they
are insults but man not the truth
Dallas has come looking no How do you
say he came for money no he came for money no
then the other one has responded more
or less At the same level I
mean there's no more No I mean like if I
had insulted him for nothing Well
nothing Listen they're probably
celebrating a lot not
the only intelligent thing that ocelot has said
in the last few months and it's to
mess with Dallas let's
see there's a ratio there's a
big ratio
there's a big ratio eh there
's a big ratio Let's
see it's been like a very
gratuitous attack on Dallas's part he could
have I mean if all this
[ __ ] is going on that I don't know Andrew tate
regarding the economy and
personal motivation is pretty good about
women it is an Arab sheikh type mentality that
became Muslim, I
mean I understand within the move that I am doing, I
am finding out now as you are
watching live no and
and I am out of touch No but I
imagine that this zealot stem is
making the soap opera of the month I imagine
that he will have enough things to blame him on, to
criticize him and all that stuff
no, not having entered into this no because you
are spending the little money
that you earned when the millionaire guy No
really I don't know if it is true that he
is a millionaire No really no like you
are telling me in the chat no it
is that of course let's see if you are telling me
that the guy has 40 million and that he is a
millionaire man let's see why
I was freaking out when I found out that
this issue of these
esport teams that move so many millions of
money
because I
don't remember what it was that we
were talking about a tournament not a
tournament like for a team to
enter I don't know what tournament in a
very important tournament in Europe  or something like that
was no that had to be paid I don't know how many
millions of money and what and that
Greg's team I think was that was going to enter no
Javi Sorry to interrupt but I wanted to
thank you so much because you helped me
with your live streams at a very bad time I've been
following you since the debate with Dalas now
everything is fine you are very good people I'm
glad that everything is okay king I
hope I'm very happy okay And I hope that
everyone else has the same thing as you
Thank you so much for the super chat I
don't know what yes it's true that
apart from the fact that the attack is free what
I see is that [ __ ] if this guy is so in the spotlight that I already tell you like I do
n't know the complete Lore and you
are already seeing that I am finding out
now okay but I think that surely
this such ocelot And on top of that if he gets
together with this with that man he will
surely have many other
criticisms to make him entering this you
are not being stupid you
throw yourself into being a macho man You are
forgotten when it is a guy that I do not know who he
is but he has  4,000 likes I mean it's not the
same it's not the same it's not the typical
account that has maybe half a million
followers but then it has two likes
that there are no but from what I'm
seeing here it has interactions it has
interactions
Well yeah yeah [ __ ] it has interactions of
course
[ __ ] Yes yes it does [ __ ] I had this
I had 5000 likes or 4000 or 5000 likes
the other day in the in the
tweet that in the tweet that I made
announcing the judicial victory you know
So I don't know he slipped here Dallas I
think uh it was like a very
very gratuitous attack and of course the other one
responded with the same thing with the same ones no
with the same ones he didn't give it he gave it that
by the way this ocelot
this ocelot I
also heard by hearsay I don't know if it was No
look it's that I have it here look it's that I
have it here in the next topic
New York says that Chosas lost his
debate with the elotes
because people say that Chosas
humiliated himself he gets involved Thanks Javi for being
there in my hard days kiss  Maria del
Carmen
former head of ibai and millionaire since his
club is worth 400 million
Of course but if they've kicked him out of the club
How much money does he have because you
told me 40 million but no, it's not 400
million what the club is worth
damn this Ocelot said
Andrew has a much healthier vision of
relationships between men and women
than the majority of Western society let's
see
the victim of a rape is also
responsible for it
lol
because people say that choca
humiliated ocelot when he didn't even
understand what Carlos
was saying
What did chocas say let's
see
the mode the mobile is in airplane mode because
if I'm a very fat fat man who is born more
than eating pizza and hamburgers and someone
tells me that I'm fat I have two
ways of taking it get offended and continue
eating pizza or reflect on whether I
see changing something, I mean he
debated with choca in a Space
debated with chocas in a Space
that can be seen that can be seen that
was yesterday
but they are arguing in English of course I mean it would be
absolutely useless to get involved
I'm not going to try  see it is
in English
they have debated in English
So nothing
[ __ ] they could have done it in Spanish
so that we could
react no guys it
is true true be careful maybe I
can eat a dick around here What else What else What more What more What more
Ah well important
important
really you know that I am not involved in
the sports issue and that I am quite a
novice in the sports issue Okay and Well
in fact surely when we have been
commenting on these issues in these days
ago I will have been a little brief I will have
put my foot in it surely
No but I have been seeing what has been
happening in the last
hours with Kun and digimario
and of course you were all telling me here
the other day that he was a steak and I was
joking that I did not know Kun that it
was a joke that it was
How how did you tell me no that it is that I do not
know the irony of Kung I have
been watching some click that come on he
needs to put on a pacifier he
needs to put on the pacifier because he got
angry because the other one does not support
Argentina in the World Cup
tremendous no tremendous no
but the  It's the DJ's reason,
nobody forces him to go with Argentina, no, no.
I am totally with DJ Marionette,
totally
summited with Messi with DJ Mario. Well, I do
n't know what to think anymore, average Argentine.
Well, they're going to cancel me for being xenophobic
with Argentina, which they always do, but
it's the attitude they usually have, man, they got
angry, he got angry
because the DJ is not going with Argentina in the
World Cup. And why has he criticized some of these
attitudes that have gone so
viral in text videos and on Twitter,
not
regarding the team, like if they push the
security guard, like if he starts laughing in the
opposing team's face.
Come on, when I saw this today to
prepare it for it, I was going to record it separately,
but I say let's react to it, no. I mean, it
seemed tremendous to me, it seemed
tremendous to me in the first place because the
reason was that, it was the videos
because I saw this that Dj Mario published in
2020. Look, we were happy and we didn't
know it, look,
I'm starting to really love Kun,
this in 2020. Look,
Dj Marito, listen to me. I don't know if you saw, I
got the letter 99, this network  Cheated
Well Cheated is the same
and now he's angry
he's angry
about the World Cup uncle
DJ Marito
different communities but it's
true that well
things have happened these days that
have them a little a little worried
what a shame not that I have to comment
and go done in the program like Hey
look El Kung hasn't come and he
left the WhatsApp group he
left the WhatsApp group
Yes and it would be good to comment on them no because you
know pulse too and all the
people who have been in the group know Well
apparently I thought that the whole thing about
the cuni and and digimario was
a joke but well Kun left
the group and I think he doesn't want to come back he hasn't
entered I don't know if he's going to
participate yet today he hasn't
shown up either he left the
WhatsApp group and this that the others are there
laughing is ass eh the others are
there like Well look come on the
little boy got angry
I thought they weren't angry
apparently yes he doesn't understand very well
Why the truth is I was going and I would tell you like
Mario says he's not there and  it's a little
good to
connect the Kun that you know that the league
is in permanent contact with the kum he
has confirmed to us that he will participate in
the league it's true it's more that he is
putting together a great team but he doesn't want to
know anything about digimario we know that there have
been some differences because of the
world cup but from there on
each one will see if he connects later and lets
know this starts with a tweet and
Mario with a photo of Argentina
celebrating the penalty shootout no this
is the beginning of everything because
the Argentines are angry about that photo Claro
Look this is the video
set you the video that says that it may
bother you it may be wrong it may be taken
out of context whatever but
from there to leaving a WhatsApp group
and already having the sentence okay go
play FIFA 2 and Mario answers I already
played with you cuni go
play FIFA There is
also a president who has asked that
Mario apologize eh it's true to you is it
true for the
groups publicly also It's that I
think you are one of them not to
start the league like this we want a little
pique but I think we  it's going
hands so you know Mario you say nothing
Mario tell me you don't say anything
what do you want me to say about some rockets
nobody understands What's wrong with him It's
affecting you Maria a little man he
left the group and this is real it's what
you said that you heard just
before entering that people might
think it's a joke that no that he left the
group man but you feel bad you You
think you've done something wrong
not for him to be angry like this no no no no no I
mean really the
Spain game is over I'm all freaked out and
I say Okay people now who are we going with is done
but I don't feel like going with anyone
at that moment I didn't care whoever was
left there will be a lot of teams and
Kun got freaked out because he says but
how come you're not going with Argentina it's already let's
see yes it's true that when you put
the tweet Mario it stays in fact I
remember that the other day I remember that the other day when we
were reacting to this I noticed
something that I told you
that El Kung had stopped following
Didi Mario
man what is football I
mean it's football
Argentina and  then Morocco Croatia and
others these people lose in the World Cup and
they appeal it eh Like Joan Planas
these people lose in the World Cup no no no he doesn't
accept it they don't accept it that's why he does
n't understand How is it not going with Argentina
why no there is no other country with France I wasn't
going to go Mario well well not anymore but
really it's that at that moment when
they eliminate Spain I'm not thinking about
who I'm going with it was a question to ask you
know Hey did you consider
apologizing that he said for the group at
no time will you have to
apologize you for
example your team when you say [ __ ] you're going to
play in Los troncos because worse
silence has
underneath the one from Brazil has underneath the one
from Brazil Jun don't fool you
good night
The truth is that they are [ __ ] around no
[Laughs]
damn brother hand This Yellow
who said that Argentina was losing three
one on Sunday by the way
[Laughs] I
don't speak
when he speaks something very serious has happened I've
never seen it So we're going
over the rules I don't want to get
into any kind of rivalry as
president of the league you will do it to
me it doesn't matter if there is a rivalry or
not  I simply believe that as one
of the 12 owners, bar presidents,
you have to be in the WhatsApp group,
regardless of rivalries,
bad vibes, I don't know if it's true,
lies, and that performance, or if it really
touched you, I don't care, I don't want it seriously,
eh, I mean, DJ Mario is taking it
as a joke, for example, today he posted,
apart from posting this, he posted this
tweet, you
know, but this one is serious,
I want him to come in, he's
super childish, eh, he needs a pacifier, I
agree, Kun is exaggerating, but he
lives it differently and it's not false, to be
with someone, he doesn't want to, others get angry
when their houses explode, I don't
know, I don't think what you
're mixing up is comparable, the subject you're
trying to mix up, let's see, one thing
is that they get angry when their
houses explode, but it doesn't come to mind,
maybe you're telling me for
someone in particular, I should have
said a name, because right now I'm not thinking of
someone who
has fought because their
house explodes, but well, if there is someone who has gotten
seriously angry because the  they have
blown up the little house, I'm sure that here I
have also criticized him and I have told him
but they are getting angry that's why he
understands me, I'm sure that I have said they are getting
angry that's why I don't remember
any case Jackie
Jacky gets angry because her
house was blown up I would say it here I think it was because of
land not because they took land from her no
but let's see from there to when they get
really angry that you leave the group and
those things no I don't
remember any I don't
remember any I
remember that Rubius got angry because they
took one from him it was not Auron who got
angry because a girl messed up a role for him I think it
was no
something like that they are not
people who already anyway one
thing I am going to take advantage of to tell you this
no that anyway without mentioning
any in particular they are people who participate in the
series and they do not get along or they do not like each other
and they collaborate because
well they collaborate because they have to continue
collaborating because the work has it for me
how have you lost
Kun that if he does stupid things I get angry
now but it is a momentary anger it is
a anger that can last for days  let's
see if it's true that no journalist has asked him What are you
talking about,
idiot, that one too, of course he hasn't
asked for forgiveness, he hasn't asked for it Forgiveness
no, he hasn't asked for it
Forgiveness no, he hasn't asked for my forgiveness but he hasn't asked for
forgiveness because for putting for not going
with Argentina he
still hasn't asked for my forgiveness that's
true But who has to ask for forgiveness
to whom I don't have to
ask for forgiveness the
only thing I said in the group is that I can't stand you I'll just
tell you
here on camera I
don't understand because the truth is I don't know what I've
done to you I would like
[Music] I
prefer to tell you here It's okay
everything is fine let's see everyone likes
people how is it that I can't stand
you like that man and you're there
on a program with so many viewers
is it serious
in a chat with eBay Kun said that he
noticed strange things about Dj with the
Argentines basically it's a collection of
things but to me it seems somewhat
childish guys I don't think I remember
eh I really, I really would hope
that Kun comes back from Qatar
and  I'm sure you'll find each other at
some point in some game something and I'll do
something and if not then we'll have a
league dinner with all the
owners We're
going to do something something we're going to do
because this isn't going to be a dinner
we're going to end up
Childish King not too nationalist
Let's see I don't know I just don't see it I don't
see any
seasoning in this not to make a
real anger I'm not going to
drink water I'm going to drink water I didn't
bring the bottle I'm going to get it and
we're going to watch Dallas' video when you crash
Julian I'm
going to see what he said before watching
Dallas' video I'm going to see what
Auron said about the squid games that
we're interested in the kids
today Auron commented on Game of Thrones
in Minecraft his next series about
Game of Thrones he says that it won't be an
event but a movie-style series and he
said that it might premiere in March
Although the date is not defined what he
has defined is the duration which
will be two months and the regulations were
made by Tanisé and Reborn, role-playing experts
and they are doing it no basically no maybe he
clarified That for the moment his priority  it
's the game or in other words the squid games
that will come before this series and he wants
everything to go well according to auron he's been
working on this for a while and they're going to be
spectacular let's see Let's
see
finally what we can find out we had the
first meeting for the Game of
Thrones oh
my god really reborn
and Titan and zen have
started working there like real sick people they've worked more than me in one day than I have in the whole omelet kid well well oh my god what two sick people I've got for the love of God reborn made some regulations in PDF and
Excel mother of Christ for the love of
God he's taken it seriously No we're already
worth [ __ ] Everyone mother of Christ has
worked more than me in the whole omelet in
the two editions the truth is nothing I've
also done things there Omelet But well
no I haven't made an ex but the truth is I'll
put it there on discord and look Read it and
if not read Well [ __ ] street son of a [ __ ] it's
going to be very nice eh yesterday we were there
proposing ideas things it's going to be
very nice eh I'm getting more and
more excited Game of Thrones a
Game of Thrones series in Minecraft
Sure but when it's a Game of
Thrones series is it a Game of
Thrones series from the first season no or
now of the new this that came out it doesn't
happen that it's going to be a bit of a long wait it will be worth it I
really think that if it
comes out as we all have in mind It's going to
be spectacular it's going to be spectacular
for you it's going to be like watching a
television series the truth And that's
what we want when you watch the
series is that feeling that you
're following a series like
So that has to be very
scripted no I mean everyone has to
play their role as an actor within the
game I mean you can't improvise I don't understand I understand
that if you're watching
a series it doesn't have to be like very
scripted for it to make sense and for it to have
intrigue no And for the one that in order for there to be
some surprise or
whatever no because there may be some that
is a bit boring No I do
n't think that characters will coincide with the
originals of the series any other
spectacular but well like
new characters no I mean they are the cities of
Game of Thrones no
and they will be new characters they are not
interpreting the  series give a few months eh He
already announced it a few months are left
because you have to do it right
Also the squid games are coming and you have to
be a little aware of that
after the squid we talk about it we have to
let the squid games flow first they are
going to be spectacular they are going to be
spectacular today they call they have been
sending me pictures and such Okay my goodness What a
thing Well let's see no the
squid games no
skip game with chocas man of course
choca will be in the squid game of
course obviously
and well And who else was in The
squid games I don't remember who was Well
that one according to what I understand Yes yes we are yes we are I do
n't know let's see it is not confirmed okay it
is not confirmed But according to what I
understand Yes yes we will be we will be
if Javi is not there I don't see it no no let's see we will be we will be
what happened last year
is there Yes man it does
you good will it be for next year yes It is
supposed to be Yes it is supposed to be understood
that yes okay it is understood that yes the
problem is the following there is a video
where he criticizes Luisito for
whitewash Qatar too much and in my country the
news also whitewashes a lot of what
money does By the way, there are already
more than 200 of us on Twitch. Could you make
special emoticons?
We are more than 200 members on Twitch.
Yes,
sure,
I think you will be in the
squid game. Do you think there are more participants?
Last year was brutal. Yes, yeah, dude. Let's
see, nothing can be confirmed yet
because they have
n't announced yet. And such. But it is understood,
no, and it was said last year that
last year's participants might just not be there.
Well, what can I tell you? Well, I
imagine they won't be there. Maybe those who
were the ones who were put in by lottery, they were
n't supposed to be spectators and,
by the way,
that [ __ ] Chale was very important. That guy is there all
day long. All the time he's still writing.
The discord group is there abandoned
because for these series, groups
of records are made. And then those groups of
records while the series is not on
are abandoned, nobody talks, you
understand, and the chalet from time to time
puts something there like we'll revive, we'll not
revive, and I don't think so.  I know, I don't know
if the same ones will be there exactly as
last year
apart from the new ones. Well, I don't know
because of course there are a lot of new streamers
that they'll want to invite. I imagine that the
whole
karch cache group was there, I
think there are 200 this time. There is a
problem. The problem is that I have
a trip to Barcelona in the middle of the month, a trial, and
at the end of the month, the 27th, the nose job.
So let's
cross our fingers, of course, cross our
fingers because it doesn't coincide because if it doesn't coincide,
if it does coincide, I'm going to have to. Oh, of course, if they
operated on my nose, it wouldn't matter either
because I can play without a
camera. Of course, of course.
Yes, it's true, of
course. The only problem would be that
the day coincided, but of course the day of
my operation is on a Friday
afternoon, my
nose is nothing. No, apart from that, mine
is not a rhinoplasty, it is
true that I had a
Syrian aesthetic touch because since they are going to
operate on me for the issue of breathing, the
septum, the turbinates and that, I had a little
aesthetic touch to make it
perfect because I am lined with a
little bit that I have here crooked, you know,
but yes, yes, of course I have the tracksuit,
of course.  Of
course, let's hope it doesn't coincide
with the Barcelona thing, no, because for
example I could postpone the operation, but
for the squid game I
think I would postpone it because man it
's something that happens once a year it
's an opportunity where last year
we grew a lot with that you know it's a [ __ ]
you can earn a lot of money I don't know
if I could postpone the operation but
of course not in Barcelona, ​​not
in Barcelona You
'll be screwed for a couple of weeks I don't
think so warn them on Twitter so they don't make
the mistake I don't
know if anything can be done there I do
n't think it coincides with the
Barcelona thing because the Barcelona thing is
more towards the beginning of the month and
I imagine that these people will do it
more for I think it's going to coincide
right in the middle I think it's going to
coincide right in the middle
I think it's going to coincide right in the middle
because because I imagine that
the airland will be there it is known what days the
slam are it is
known what day the airland are
That is known No, what date it is in the
link
has to go to court by balls no
but I prefer  go
Well yes, yes, I have to go because I've already
said I'm going so you can't back
out but anyway
I prefer to go is the
date known the date is not confirmed
third week of January
third last year it was like the
first second the first not the second
Ask the south he seems very
anxious for the airland my goodness about the
south my goodness about the south well I
see that it's going to coincide with my
nose job so
the exact day he says this weekend
well tell me I'll do it because I see that it's going to
coincide with my nose job
tigers Thank you very much
if it coincides with my nose job I'll
postpone the nose job to the
next month
then yes it's true that it could be a
[ __ ] because maybe I take it and last a
day in the squid game
hard I last a day and we have scheduled the
operation for that but anyway what about
yesterday's tour man with the clash man
you left me stunned I'm
stoned no way nothing is surprising me anymore I mean, what about
Game of Thrones 2023 I think
before summer  100% I would
like it after the after the
squid maybe I don't know why I like
March a good time there are not three
months left in three months the whole
team has time to prepare it well I
like March I think there will be tortilla 3 but
on different dates maybe this time
instead of launching it in August and finishing at
Christmas then I'll launch it at Christmas
and finish in April for example you talked
in the south There are good vibes no, let's see I didn't
fight about anything like that another thing
is what I think about the things you
see just like if he has to give his
opinion Something about me that he doesn't like and if he gets
angry about my opinion Well look kid I'm
very sorry he understands me
but
tremendous I hope he moves YouTube they weren't going
because it's a rival for example
the saunos are in mind not the Saúl at the
moment no no Well I'll tell you that in
2023 they won't be made Of course people
think that Game of Thrones is an
event no no Game of Thrones is
a Minecraft series that will last
approximately two  months of course They are not
events they are series
Well then, damn I have to see about the it
seems to me if you are telling me that the
airlands
will be the third week
if you are telling me that the airlands will be the
third week it
seems to me that you can step on your nose you can
step on my
nose and that I am going to have to
postpone the operation it is that
really yes I would postpone it
right the nose operation that is why no
I would propose it because of course it is something
more or less important no
Javi they have said that
tickets are being sold perhaps on the sales page
The date appears are
tickets being sold that
tickets are being sold for what
of the airlands
date I
mean they don't have a date yet even though
many have to go
to Latin America
January 17th was last year
January 17th and then it was the 19th the one for
Squid Game was the 19th you
know then the same date would be perfect for me it
would be perfect for me
Well, nothing if there is no date yet I
hope to know it in time let's see if I know it
in time like if I know it before the
end of the month I can  can I
change the date of course
no no I already asked Auron but he doesn't
have the exact date yet either I already
asked him I already asked him yesterday the day before
yesterday I spoke to him on WhatsApp
of course I understand that I understand that it
will depend on when the enlampa are
not to step on each other I'm going to I'm going
to watch Dallas' video man
about chocas it has to be
pretty strong What a lack of foresight
no no no no no it's not the issue of the issue of
lack of foresight is not the issue what
surprises me is that normally to see one
thing Let's
see is that we're talking about something
that [ __ ] you have to travel to the
other side of the world not the tickets and
those things you're not supposed to be
prepared But anyway they don't have a
date yet
these people what I tell them There's
money there guys these people don't care let's
see I'm going to I'm going to put on
Dallas' video about chocas it has to be pretty
strong you know notice that
YouTube cravings no that he's
recommending me the puticorn video Hey
we have to keep reacting to
Auron's videos eh do you remember that  we
were going to react but luckily
look look look the chocas is abusing
his parents and they are still defending him it will make you
angry
enough strong this
all probably already know what
a coke is say a chocas you friends who
don't drink who were really into going to flirt with high
girls and such is a streamer
that the truth I mean really
that the guy after saying what he said
that he had a friend who was really into
flirting with drunk girls and such
for him not to drink for that
and that the guy is trying to get
people to applaud him for saying that
tremendous that he has less talent than
hair
you will remember some controversies from the past
for videos that I have made about Like
for example the guy with multiple
accounts, that is to say with accounts pretending
that it was not him to throw flowers at
himself and criticize the same streamers
that had given him fame previously
tremendous events Hey What is this that
is a compilation of all the tweets
like the history of all the tweets
how strong
How strong what I just saw Look
Esteban Navarro  he's a man with whom
I get along well, I mean, he's a very
good man, people that I follow on Twitter, he
was a policeman, he was a policeman, he had some
issues, many of you will know him maybe
because I've mentioned him, right? And it turns out
that I remember, I remember that
Esteban Navarro posted, well, and to me, chocas is
because he blocked me
and what have I done to shoga that he
has blocked me and I'm seeing
some here, your daughter, yes, Esteban Navarro, look, your
greatest achievement is this [ __ ] loser. Hahaha.
Oh, poor bald old man, you're not going to be able to
scrape interactions from the kid who's
[ __ ] your mother, it's a shame, he
's a writer, apart from the fact that the police are a
writer and he sells books, buy his books,
buy his books, Javi, to have
context, ocelot. Look for the
Yuste video, too late, Matías, you're in a
previous extract,
how strong, how strong, people more famous
than him, of which he, approaching out of
interest, made you his friend and they gave
Chosas his fame. This one, and well,
some accounts were caught in which he
dedicated himself to throwing [ __ ] at them, these
supposed friends of his  well this happened
over a year ago and the thing is
that in the end they have become friends
again and I say that as if
you really really fail seriously that in all
places it is truly impressive this
part is that the multi-account issue
Oh, the choca has for a wink
but truly What happens is that it is very trite
all the topics are very
trite but the choca has for a
Game Over really
Javi are you not worried that the same thing will happen
as with London not a chance Ari I mean not a chance in The Squid Games
are from auronplay in fact the ones
that are not going to be in The Squid Games are the ones that
kicked me out the ones that asked to
kick me out of London
okay In fact the ones that are not going to be there are
those
the choca has for there no but I
mean look at the multi-account issue would you
revive the channel Hey well we could
consider it I will do it as it is I will do it the
head of content I will do it how do you see it we
could consider it
in a way to look for things that he has said in
the past old live shows trying to
be humble with the things that he is
doing now
we could  raise the places a kingdom is
true look for example the thing about the
subject of poseable poseable luare the
thing about the subject of no no I have not changed
aiden Hayden has another job someone
has their functions the thing about the
multi-account no longer Only the pathetic thing It
turns out to be the fact that he defends
himself because he gets burned by what
any Random says the subject of the
multi-account of ma has other aspects
okay Eugenio's account that was
exclusively for me
to fight with me okay
but then for example the subject of
him starting to mess with people like
auron ibai Ari's tits no no he put
something of Ari's tits or I mean it was
tremendous eh over time he has
done things now that later they pass it on to him
and they keep inviting him to the series I mean it's just balls balls
The
rewin kid it's not that we want
white content Yes yes white the
balls white with followers ages
in I have not commented anything about it
because it gave me authentic disgust and
repulsion like the guy said that the
garbage that  he has instead of taking it to the
dumpster he puts it in the freezer did he
really say that or was it a joke was
Ari's thing fake is that the
garbage thing I hear a lot from people
but I don't remember seeing it here I'm
really disgusting that
thing must smell I can't even call him man he
also started glorifying some of
his colleagues who abused
drunk and drugged girls and he called them
cracks this guy still has
contracts with Twitch sick with Twitch he
crashes he has a contract I would swear I
heard him say it I would
n't
swear he denied it does he
have the contract or no
yes he has no no I mean yes he has he has
or had okay Even if he didn't
have it if he has it's not worth it But even
if he didn't have it
listen to me the brands the companies the
same colleagues No that they invite him
everywhere
and within their platform he said that thing about
his friend who is a [ __ ] crack I mean
what really pisses me off and what a pain in the
ass the guy denies that
[Music] he
denies what he said live dude
and what I do in his dead I was about  just
about to comment on the last stupid thing he
did and the guy managed to
delete it anyway what this
brat has done with money unfortunately
which unfortunately they are giving him
attention I am better than your boyfriends
yes I earn more money than your boyfriends
yes I am more successful than your boyfriends yes I
am a better guy than your boyfriends yes
I am more attractive than them
probably too Well
basically he made a Stream calling
his own parents [ __ ] and more
really disgusting insults and all
because that is what his parents have done to him no
because I mean there are parents who do
deserve certain insults it turns out that the
parents of chocas del cocas have committed
the horrible crime of making him inherit the
television
the horrible crime that while
chocas was talking to his grandmother the
parents were talking in the background about
wanting to plant some potatoes in the
garden and that is why he is dedicated to denouncing them in
Stream and cursing their dead very
beastly that is really repulsive disgusting despicable
and it shows the kind of
infected brat personality that
this guy has and that all
the streamers really have in  general because Tell me
who you hang out with and I'll tell you who you are and the
fact that many have been able
to continue getting along with him
No, they don't even get along with him,
they do collaborations with him and invite him
to places because because it's like an
unwritten law that the Guay have is that I would
n't even know how to give you
an explanation because you tell me
Well look it's for money it's for
followers it's for you know what I'm telling you
but what I mean auron ibai grefg whoever
the big ones are, they need to have
chocas in their series and work with him
for them to have numbers no
Then I don't understand why continue you know
what I'm telling you is that I don't understand it
then because it's that I really don't understand it
I would like to give you an
explanation but I can't and being
after seeing how fake it is that he
had accounts to throw [ __ ] at
others of envy
seeing his friends anyway Tell me
who you hang out with and I'll tell you who you are but oh
well nothing happens because I found another
version Here it is look at the level of
illness that this guy has he is
really beast really you  it's going to be really disgusting
and it's going to make you wonder if
this guy here has some
more followed streamers and that you not only
and that Twitch not only doesn't cancel his
contract but also keeps him
actively promoting on the
shitty platform now that you're
seeing it next to Twitch
I wonder one thing
and it's not to justify anyone or
anything like that but to put you
all in the same line yes
yes he has taken away Dallas' Partner
And if Twitch banned Frank cuesta yesterday
because I imagine because of the comments he's
had in the last live streams
about the trans law I don't know what I don't know
how much Why doesn't chocas I
mean wouldn't what chocas said be much worse
I'm asking
eh I mean chocan hasn't insulted
many streamers for example no because
you're going to tell me It's not that Dallas has
messed with a lot of people it's not worth it and they've
taken his bread in twist that's why they don't know
which one in particular it's worth how much he
has messed
with How many have screwed the
[ __ ] mother he said he [ __ ]  to his
mother How many people has
Chocas gotten into it from Twitch itself from
Twitter from YouTube
with how much well they do
n't kick him out and Frank cuesta what he
said
that Lee leye's nonsense no the
trans law I don't know what all that [ __ ] no and
Chocan what he said that he had a
friend who was a [ __ ] crack
to troubled waters to earn some fishermen
lately it is very frowned upon to talk about
the LGBT community well Okay but what
Chocan said is not worse
But I wonder eh from my
complete ignorance eh what
Chocan said is not a thousand times worse than
anything Dallas has said or
anything he has said
Look I remember that people were very scandalized that I
took it as a video
a performance I mean me the video of
Dallas saying that he would kill whatever I
took it as an outrage
like a super exaggerated nonsense
from Dallas wanting to demonstrate To what
extent things can be said on his
platform okay
Of course you're going to tell me you
agree that I threaten people with my
eyes that many people told me Ah But
then what  you support him Let's see, it's that I don't
support him, it's that I don't I consider that he is going to
do it I consider that he is
venting with people who say
similar things to him and that he is doing it
in an exaggerated way and
venting, let's not say not like my cocker
in plan to also demonstrate that in
standups you have this freedom, right?
Choca yesterday in his live did not say something
like he would
murder someone at this moment
What did he say that
yes, he whitewashes it,
Choca told you yesterday I ask can you tell me the
words I don't know if they will be in this video
but if you can tell me the
exact words, Choca did not say that he would
murder someone or something like that I
am so pissed off that he would murder
someone not for my grandmother would he kill or
something like that I
could not look for it I will do it Can you send me
the exact moment I will
do it can you put me on WhatsApp
please record it with your mobile phone itself to
put the audio exactly what he said
Ah but it is that Choca Mental Health it is
true
But it is that for me it is not the same Javi Of course, of
course it is not the same who says it is
worth places  Look for it, let's put it please Look for it, let's
put it please
but it's really what I said, I
mean, what I said about the friend who
did that in the clubs, Harry
scrambled, fishermen's profit
and I really thought that was
incredible
Spain Look while the head
Honestly before I start I must
tell you that the subscription is
totally something as you have
probably seen in the previous video that I
made about this guy here, level of
mental alienation he really is a beast he is
a spoiled child whose parents have
never let's see, for my
grandmother she was capable of the same thing being let's
see Carmen let's leave the moralism
I would also kill for my grandmother, for my
father, for my mother, for my sister but
of course I wouldn't kill at the first opportunity, let's
see, I think we would all kill for
our children, for our parents, for
our siblings Of course we would kill
But well we would kill in the case that
someone was trying to kill
them, no Or we would kill because I
called him stupid in a tweet we would kill I mean
if we are
referring to the literal we would kill if
someone were trying to kill
them, no
or we would kill because Because yes because I  I
feel like doing him a favor, not to be
clear, I mean, like, of course I would kill,
but the clash didn't say, I would kill for my
grandmother Because someone was
messing with grandma, whatever, that's what he
said that he was in a few moments that
he was having a bad time because of grandma
and that right now Let's see, wait for
the place to send me the audio But I'm going to
see
his site and it's noticeable by the low level of
respect he has for themselves,
no person with two fingers in
front would think of saying the
atrocities that this Mohican here says
But it does occur to him and on top
of that somehow all the
atrocities he's done, that
literally hasn't affected
his career as a streamer enough
Why Because it's socially accepted, not
by everyone, but enough like he
gets along with others more famous than
him and they're friends Well, nothing
[Applause]
What does he do
[Music]
By the way, one thing,
Hey, well, listen to me, he should
put his
jaw on,
fixed that by the way, how horrible,
really, he doesn't even know anymore  hide the guy to
throw at the streamers who
previously gave him fame Listen enjoying
Well I found Dani
García out there and several
streamers from the country have participated in El Rubius yimar
these sick people
are not saying it seriously, I mean they
are saying it like this is a
collaboration with the Gaming family okay I might
as well tell you I mean any brand
that works with them with him I mean I'm
hallucinating no look this is when I say
that brands only look at the
numbers
Yeah but it looks ugly Okay but let's see it
's not important I mean it's not like he's
messing with them Seriously without
mincing words or like but this
is when I say that brands
only look at the numbers let's
get rid of the stigma of it's not that
brands don't want to work with controversial people
no no no no do
you remember pámpling Javi tremendous
pampling but the pampling was for
friendships eh Because then the pámpling
from the official account I have seen him
tweeting in the tweet of the people who
usually ask for my  I'm fired from the
trashy pampling sites, tremendous trashy
pampling that by the way, we're now going to
sell one. Look, he sends me
places,
luare sent me. Listen to what Mira said, it
's something I can't stand, man, it
's not something trivial, it's not a Random, he's not a
Twitter [ __ ]. It's not, it's not something
very important to me and because of this I
can kill a person, you know,
I'm very unstable about this subject and no. I mean,
what he's saying is shocking, it's not that he's
not telling you, I would kill for my
grandmother in the sense that
if they do something to her, Chocolo is
telling you that right now he's
very unstable, he's very pissed off
and he's very unstable, he's very
turned on by everything that's
happening to his grandmother, the
family situation that he has, that his grandmother is
already 100 years old, I don't know what. Of course I'm
very sorry and I wish him the best,
okay. But he's telling you that look what he's telling you,
man, you know, look what he
's telling you on Twitch, it
's not something trivial, it's not a Random, he's not
a Twitter [ __ ]. It's not, it's not
something very important to me and  This is why
I can kill a person you understand
I am very unstable and this is why I can
kill a person I am very unstable
and he is telling you seriously Looking at the
camera and nothing happens if Dallas says this
if Dallas says this
but
well well
this stupid garbage is basically a
shitty streamer serving hamburgers
at a gold price because anyway they did not come up with
anything better for the marketing people and
well he obviously has to keep the
announcement in his line of making fun of people
who are supposed to be his friends, the ones he
criticized with his multi-accounts
that with him leaving the superior being anyway
let's see what his parents say it
seems good because it is another level of
mental repulsion and I have the [ __ ]
decency to call my [ __ ]
house again the same as I call every day
having a lot of things to do and I have to
call them out of [ __ ] responsibility
man and my [ __ ] parents who are
[ __ ] man they always do the
same thing to me and it is that I do not give a damn or I support it and I am
going to say it here man, really if there is
any person here that has an
elderly person at home, do not have
conversations next to  of them In this
version of the video you don't hear
when he says they are [ __ ] but if he
says it okay I only heard it it's in this
version that the guy got Cancel
but he does call them [ __ ] okay And I
heard this 100% anyway Listen
because really talking like that about your
own parents is the most disgusting
repulsive low and literally an
abusive child you don't have another [ __ ] name
like that publicly to your because they are
talking in the background while you talk to your
grandmother anyway these disgusting eh listen
when they are on the phone man I don't know
how he can be such an imbecile man I keep
telling him and he always does the same thing to me I
have two [ __ ] minutes a day I
use them to call my family and I only
need to talk to them for two minutes I don't have to
talk for half an hour Every
[ __ ] day because I have things to do
and I have things to take care of look at this
guy who smells rancid
from here to your fa to half of Spain with the
disgusting smell that he gives off Every day
that he is giving it to him from Elon plus a super
busy businessman when what he does all
day is streaming  dedicate yourself to playing of course
without underestimating the work
of any streamer okay of course it would be
missing more No but
but let's see your content is playing
a video game okay unless it's a
series a specific tournament in which I have to be for
an hour if one day you have to
talk
to your parents with your grandmother and instead of
starting the live at 5 you start it at
5:30 I mean there's something wrong because you
finish the live half an hour earlier or
40 minutes earlier
the first thing he didn't say that he would stop
doing so many hours a day because of Katy
yes that was a ridiculous and
pathetic excuse I mean the Katy VIP thing and she
justified it by taking a week off
for her mental health and saying that she was going to
relax that she had already known what it
was like to be number one and that she has to relax now I do
n't know let's see what I understand that if she
has bought the house that she bought she
needs to do everything possible to
get in definitely we need a
Game Over Javi Christmas present well they will
cancel me when I do it let's see
so much like for Christmas we won't have
time I don't know places
Well through Christmas the best but what
am I telling you, I mean it's
not like you have a schedule I
mean I understand that we are very
busy we are we are okay And
especially in December when we are
trying to be at 200% okay But let's see I
understand that if one day something happens to you
you have to be half an hour longer or
you have to do a live that is half an
hour shorter
please You are lazy you are a
spoiled brat who has been playing crappy Wow his whole life
and you have been lucky to
make friends with others more famous
than you and as a result of that you are earning a
ton of money what you want to give yourself throw it
at me too but the truth is
that we checked the other day and yes let's
see in order he didn't earn as much money
as he does now as after egoland
obviously I mean they are not
even the same levels the choca
earned money before before meeting up
with people he did earn money okay I mean he
could earn between 10,000 and 15,000 euros
probably Okay but it's not it's not even the
least bit
in the same  level of what he has earned
from joining people okay this
we are talking about very very very different levels
we are talking about maybe clashes he
went from earning 10,000 15,000 euros to
earning
80,000
150,000 120,000 I mean like it has
nothing to do what he earns now it has
nothing to do with what he earned I think there will
be months when he has earned more than
200,000 and 300,000 € probably
the mouth please cocas silence once it
really disgusts me to hear you talk
[ __ ] Don't try to act like a
busy guy You're playing games you would do the
same if you weren't on Stream you
spend the day playing like a nerdy Geek
who plays Wow and acts
super busy here like parents have to
shut up when he calls grandma
listen I can't believe dude that every
[ __ ] day I have to tell them the
same thing please when you pass the
phone to my [ __ ] grandmother separated yes
you're going to have a [ __ ] conversation give him
the [ __ ] phone go [ __ ] yourself
because my life is very busy I have to
resolve matters even while I'm
opening directly
resolve matters I will give them to him I will give them to him
as very important I mean he gives them to himself
as and order food at home
really this guy is another level of
repulsion he treats parents like that to
me from a Stream because they are simply
talking to each other While he talks
to grandma on the phone and a level of
mental alienation You see I say it eh he is
the typical spoiled abusive brat it was
scary I think he doesn't have a partner I think he does
n't have a girlfriend but if he did I
imagine how abusive he would be true
this is horrible it is aberrant It is another
level of abuse towards your own
parents and on top of that To smoke them like that piss a
Stream normal [ __ ] imbeciles idiots I
mean he hasn't told them yet and
all again because they are talking in the
background while I spoke to grandma
on the phone mentally ill eh Because
I am receiving WhatsApps all day
with proposals for things and from people who
ask me things that start having
shitty conversations  next to Oh
poor thing they tell him about having
collaborations with brands you are That
's a pretty curious thing that I
realized and that is that the Chocas clown
is in this agency Big agency
That's Greg's
basically that same agency that takes
Vegeta to Willy until [ __ ] this
agency I knew several and their
representatives that for a complaint
let's see kids we're going to see
You imagined is that
you really many times I do
n't know what you understand about the
courts and by reportable not
reportable and so on okay
you think imagine that Chocas
reports Dallas because Dallas
told him that he mistreated his parents
or so who is saying that please
who is saying that those reportable
please
But how has it gone too far let's see
who who is saying in the chat that what he
just said is reportable
you really believe but no
one comes out Who is the one who said that
is reportable
you really believe that
Chocan files a complaint against Dallas and
says Look, he told me that he
mistreated my parents
and so they show up at  the trial and they take
the shots for this I told him and there's
a video of him crashing telling
his parents for 20 minutes with
10,000 people
[ __ ] are normal shut your [ __ ] mouths
respect me I only have two
minutes a day
[ __ ] sons of [ __ ] I don't know all
those insults that you guys say to him do
you really think the game is
going to say Oh Dallas don't call him an
abuser tell him that he went a
little too far with his parents
please man have a little look how I
often explain things
look how I often explain things
at some 2016 awards and the truth is
that it's an agency that comes up with
quite a bit to scam brands and in
scams okay because it puts in some big scams
big or things that the brands
in civil yes but not in criminal no not that
civil either what are you
telling me Really really Really really
man
the [ __ ] life are they going to recover the money they are
spending on these influencers
in the fourth I have been told by some
youtubers that work  with them who have
closed deals for 60,000 euros in
videos that had barely 2 million
views, in other words, a complete nonsense,
the brand will never recover
that money anyway, the thing is in 2016 there
was a girl at the event who started
saying that she followed me and she started
saying to one of these agents like
hey, you should count on Dallas
too and the girl then told me because
the guy did like this and then I spoke to
the girl and she told me that I had told her that
I was too controversial in 2016 at the
beginning that I did the
usual thing not what we've always
talked about not what we've always talked about it's not that they
always admit them Javi that's why it
is Yes but one thing is that they admit them
but another thing is on the day of the trial I had
n't gotten into absolutely anything
at that time well I didn't get involved either,
then they got me you know what on the
other hand these clowns are collaborating
with this guy who is dedicated to insulting
parents in a thousand ways because it's not that
I find it very funny because what we
talk about gossip what  we do
alseo we are very controversial
okay but but this the chocan is not
controversial the chocas can be in all
the agencies with all the brands in the
rewin in all the cool events
at the awards
they are talking in the background a call that
he had with his grandmother anyway everything is
always the same story it is not
who does and not who does what and a
person is being a friend has
contacts here and there it is the same as if he is
a disgusting mentally ill person who is
dedicated to creating multiple accounts to
criticize his colleagues Because
as long as he maintains that friendship of
falsehood then he will be fine and will continue
earning very crazy money carrying the
atrocities that he says that are true is
sick like this of course the guy who
is saying
so many proposals Hey Poor thing eh is
working from sunrise to sunset because the clown
has to respond Oh yeah come on I want you to
give me a lot of money to
advertise your [ __ ] my Stream yes come on
thanks I am tired I just
received 5,000 euros for a collaboration
Oh tiredness that I have in my body How
can my parents be it is not with me a
clown he is a clown he is a  you are privileged
here what a
loser you really have zero talent it's
not that you have zero talent it's that you have
less talent than hair I
mean you're envious you're incapable of
speaking properly when you speak you
treat your audience like [ __ ] and
yet people keep subscribing to
you for some incomprehensible reason which
I wouldn't know how to explain either So
the guy even insults the
audience and treats them badly
eh we've seen it here a million
times eh
Why are so many of your subscribers like
disgusting but as the biggest disgusting thing he calls
his subscribers [ __ ] because they
ask you when you're going to start
Stream it's really repulsive
you'll hear it now after even
so you are infinitely lucky and you've
become friends with famous people to your
being one but it's not that he has
become friends with famous people it would be the
same if any other person did
what he does people would tell him to
[ __ ] off it would be logical it's just that he does
n't understand it I don't care
who he's friends with let's see a
guy who gets  insult people that
even and I Juan said it and I said it too
Hey I don't like this guy who
starts doing certain things not
ticking behind to gain fame from
others that you still have money and fame
incredible the world how this works is
another level really a guy insulting
people and playing Wow 24 hours
to tell us how hard his life is
Get to work lazy man and Okay and I
say but can you go to the [ __ ]
kitchen to talk or you can't go to the
[ __ ] living room talk or I mean You have to talk
two meters away from my [ __ ] head so she does
n't find out absolutely anything and that I ca
n't even have a
decently fluid conversation with her is that I
can't believe it man and on top of that I'm
here waiting because I'm opening
directly because I don't have time and on top of that I
can't talk to my [ __ ] head because
Well then they decide to talk about that they're going to
buy some potatoes and they're going to plant them
in the [ __ ] village I mean I'm really
hearing you man you can't go [ __ ] yourself for
a walk you have a
sick person I'm telling you seriously you're sick
in the head and  you tried to talk about your parents
because they're talking next to your
grandmother when it's her [ __ ] house you tremendous
lazy clown and you start insulting like
this on Stream and people still
applaud your [ __ ] and
people still subscribe to you after seeing
how you treat your audience after
seeing how you treat your parents see how you treat
your so called friends man you're sick
you're not in your element but really really bad at
your element and it's true I don't understand how
this guy is still famous I don't understand
why people still like to
see him and what's more there are times when I
find his fans on tiktok
doing duets with the audios he's
sick saying outrageous things it's like
people love it and start
applauding what outrageous thing he said I'm going to
do a Live five in the stupidity I've
done my parents gold [ __ ] I
hate them with all my soul these people are
sick I don't know if they appreciate him
because they're the same as him or what the [ __ ] is the
majority of the population is the
problem We have already explained it on
many occasions  The world works
the way it works because there's a
huge majority of people the
majority of people are the way they are and that's what they are He's just
really crazy the
[ __ ] he's been proving it day after
day year after year he's mentally ill and
people still say Oh poor thing he's gonna
change he's gonna change he's never gonna change in
life [ __ ] he's still the same
garbage as always anyway [ __ ] it's that
man every day the same [ __ ]
every day the mom please
can you do me a favor and not have
conversations next to my grandmother
when I'm talking to her please
Oh yeah I'm sorry you're not sorry don't
change it don't tell me I'm going to pass a little
okay I'm going to pass a little because because we
were already seeing yesterday the whole
thing about all the insults to the father okay
intelligence that he has is to learn
to manipulate and grow his ego to
get subscribers basically
I want to fight and there's no water I have to
call my family I can't talk to
her and I have to open live because I
promised that at 4 live and there are
people at 4 spamming me all [ __ ]
day Open live Open live Open live
man if I'm not opening
live because I can't you [ __ ] and [ __ ]
scum you are eh I'm telling you seriously
what a [ __ ] scum you are, I mean insulting
your [ __ ] vipers that way, man, to
the followers,
to the followers
because the followers are telling you
Open live Open live Open live
time don't answer if you can't open
live
to the followers How can you treat
your followers like that man you're a millionaire
for your followers
if you talk like that about your parents and what you
do with the rest, not exactly, which is the
least of it
exactly, I mean But if you talk about the
parents, yes, you talk about the
parents Uh, I have a
square ass from so many hours in the chair eh,
if you talk about the parents I mean, what does it matter
how he talks about The Followers How many
older fans I don't understand how the [ __ ] you have
fans because you have but talent
literally is that you are unbearable
you are a histrionic guy, ridiculous,
liar but at the level of an
exaggerated mythomaniac, even so you have fans they are there
waiting for you to open live and you
take it as Look how proud they are that they
are here waiting for me to open
live they are looking for me to be
opening live what you do  your piece
of clown is calling him [ __ ] he is
really sick it is that no dude I mean you have to
be grateful that there are
people
waiting for the time at which you are going to
open directly dude but it's that they are there they are
no And surely if they cross
this direct with this video they will be
insulting me,
the psoe votes for us family
and he bought an apartment thanks to his
followers and he treats them like how he treats
his parents that his parents give him life I
mean the followers are the ones who have
given him the millions that he has not that he is a
millionaire but his parents have
given him life how disgusting I just don't understand
why people keep following this
guy I just don't understand how it is
possible that this guy has a million
followers on Twitter a million
followers on Instagram and then
Call alrubius scum Well there he is
doing Look I'm friends with these Look
how nice I
smell from here
right Why do people like to make
Scum famous at this level because this
garbage doesn't have more detractors well it's
a rhetorical question I know because he is
always friends with the same old ones  And if
you're friends with the same old people then
everything's fine nothing happens no matter
what nonsense you say because
then everything will be fine in the end
I don't blame him for being friends with the same
old people man, let's
see in that sense I don't I don't I don't think
people will forgive him for being friends with
people it's not like I'll
find an explanation okay But the fact
that he's friends with these people, that's
who I criticize, that
's who I understand I mean I don't understand an auron
for example each one it was noticeable it was
tremendously noticeable that the shock fell on him
like a kick in the balls when he
put him in his place with the Katy thing do you
remember that he told him the only reason why
you are where you are is because I
invited you to my series do you remember that
no what I don't understand is like a
Greg an auron an eBay how they invite him to
their events and how they put him everywhere
I don't blame the shock there I blame
them
look man a guy  what are you
finding that has multiple accounts to
put you green
to a guy who says the things that he says he
has a friend I don't know what not the
Mental Health of the chocas or rather this is
tremendous This is tremendous
gref is unbearable too I think that
the level of chocan not I mean look that
Greg is not the one that I like the most but
add that what I consider more
than anything is a little sincerely I
appreciate I consider him a child a
very young kid almost a brat and mature
that they see fame very quickly
arrogant you know but the choca I
see it already a past at another level
I see the chocas thing at another extreme eh
Next Level I mean I have never
seen gref in my [ __ ] life he
lacks two respects to his parents or
to his followers Well to his followers
yes no to his followers and he sent him to
[ __ ] on the account of times no the
followers yes he sends him to [ __ ] and
so on but at the level of chocan you
are not improved much is what do you think he was very
young he has committed many mistakes of
young people arrogant child  you know but I
see him getting better I don't know any nicer I don't know
what to tell you okay he has his things of
course Eh it doesn't mean that I should
n't eliminate everything I think about
him or what the things that I've
criticized about him no but [ __ ]
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul doesn't have time if I'm
cold If you want it I
'm opening it's because I can't man
Because my life is more things than being
live even if it doesn't seem like it What are you
saying you real clown if you spend all
the hours that you're awake live
please shut up you have nothing
but your shitty live shows you're
live all day long waiting to see and look at
the numbers and obsessed with the
numbers that's sick man what are you saying your
life is more than being live That's the
only thing that is your life and besides what does
the water have to do with not being able to go
live if the result is the same it
seems like it's always the same
greasy Can I really open live I
don't have time man things happen
suddenly every day the [ __ ] anger
mom please can you do me a favor and
not have conversations next to my
grandma when I'm talking  with her
please Oh yeah I'm sorry you're not sorry don't change it do
n't tell me you're sorry I don't care
change them stop
doing it please I'm calling every
[ __ ] day man Because I want to know
that she's okay because she's very important to her
and I can't talk to her
because no Poor parents man
Poor parents man the parents
are right now putting up with all the
insults that their son has given them it
's all over the media man
in the world I don't know where I don't know how much
they're everywhere stop [ __ ] yourself
man stop doing it man my
mind really flips out at Javi can you
imagine what Jordi will say if he talks about this
issue that the chocas' mental health
Jordi is going to say is that the chocas' Mental Health We
have to take care of it and that they haven't taken
good care of him they haven't taken
good enough care of his mental health and
this is the result that's what
Jordi is going to say comments that are not at the
level of hate that he deserves to have
people say a subject too personal
to tell live man say it he's a
son  an abuser is the only thing he is this
time he's gone a little too far eh I mean
this time
this time he's gone a little too far
this time he's gone a little too far do
n't believe me he doesn't think I'm
going to unfollow him a little bit
eh I'm impressive man
all this guy does is
constantly go too far has this happened to you with
subscribers with their parents with their
friends what the [ __ ] is this [ __ ] dude
please nobody is saying the
obvious that the guy is an abuser
[ __ ] these are the basic abuser attitudes
and nobody is highlighting the obvious it's
like turning a blind eye like Oh I don't
see anything I don't see anything good it happened to you a
little bit that happened a little bit really
And finally he's
going to cry Ah okay he's going to cry
and I have a psychologist and I have [ __ ] I have to
cry he has a psychologist
who has a psychologist [ __ ] he's going to
cry I'm please I'm so bad I'm going to
start crying the usual
abuser attitude First I abuse you I say
terrible things about you and then I [ __ ] and
start crying and feel sorry for you typical
abuser absolute yes  is
any of them known, will you know what
this is literally? Oh poor thing and
people putting hearts in the chat Eh
repulsive well I was reading about the chat
yesterday eh I mean
yesterday I was yesterday we
were talking about the chat the chat
was like come on father
tell him tell him really loudly because several so-
called incredible retards
and people donating the money yes yes I mean
the guy does things and
then the next day he comes telling you
that on top of that You have to
thank him
because you are the ones who are not
understanding he
always does that
this topic is very strong no no this topic
is very strong it seems like a scandal to me
because he is supposed to be an
influential person who influences people
but he always does the same thing but
man if he did it with the thing with
the friend who drinks and
always hooks up with drunk girls man if it
could be clearer in that clip
with what he said that the friend was a [ __ ]
crack who easily got hooked up
because he was fine the girls  were drunk high you
know
Javi do you think Chose will respond to
Dala he doesn't have it he won't have the balls in
life to do it he won't have the balls in
life to do what he's going to refute you
throw even worse than what happened with the friend because I don't
know which of the two things are worse than
Arrime because they both seem like barbarities to me
but it's that he always does the same thing man
if you notice in all the controversies he
does the same thing with the multi-accounts in
everything eh
always always always it's the same it's that
they haven't understood it about the
friend is that you don't know is it you
from Castilian I hadn't understood what
he told you what he has done has
been a sketch that he has done you the favor
of doing it so that the kids don't
drink
and people applaud him and the million comes
and takes down his pants the other day and
the million comes the other day he takes down his
pants and apologizes the million to
Chose
this really is another level of
mental repulsion how disgusting Sorry that the
only thing that was wrong the million  it was the
same thing that we made a mistake here with the
money that Chos made before
joining up with the guys from Evoland, I
mean, look, you having to lose,
forgive someone,
having to ask someone for forgiveness,
it's that the million was the pathetic and
lamentable, okay, totally dragged, okay,
look, you having to ask
someone for forgiveness because you're wrong that
if he was rich before, he wasn't rich, he earned a
lot, he didn't earn much.
When you ask Chos for forgiveness the other
day, being the million, it seemed like what
the million said about Chos' friend
wasn't true
when one thing that Chos said
objectively, man, I mean, Chos Look at
this, you can go to Twitter and put
[Music]
Choses
drunk Okay, and you'll directly
find the clip.
This is the clip, watch it. When I went out
with my friends as a young man, partying, I drank
juices and made friends with the waitresses, that's a
trick, that's a trick, there are a lot of
people like that. I have friends who don't drink
and they were very local. I have friends
who don't drink and we've already seen that clip, let's go.
see again because he
denies this click he says that this doesn't say
what it says okay
about going to flirt with girls And that he also had a
lot of fun taking
girls who were who were
high and such that they were already dancing I do
n't know what And he I have friends who don't
drink I have friends who don't drink and they had
a lot of fun taking high girls
to their house
and the guy says that he didn't say it that I
did a sketch that was prepared
when no when no he didn't expect to
talk to me about this because this
comes up in the chat
let's listen to it again okay he
says that he didn't say it out of jokes
when I went out with my friends when I was young
partying I drank juices and I made friends with
the waitresses that's a trick that's a
trick there are a lot of people like that I have
friends who don't drink
and that it was very good to go flirt with
girls And that he also had a lot of fun
taking girls who
were what they tell us to their house
taking girls who were
high and such who were already dancing I
don't know what And he wasn't high
so him okay it was very easy for him it
was very easy okay I mean I have
friends who don't drink I have friends who don't
drink and they had fun like the one who
like the one who has fun
going to the
lake throwing stones at the ducks
Look at me I have fun throwing stones at the
ducks Okay so these people this he has
friends who don't drink okay he has
friends who don't drink those tricks
in front of 30,000 people applauding
okay I have friends who don't drink and they had
fun taking girls who were high
because for them it was very easy
and the guy tells you that he didn't say it
the guy tells you that he didn't say it
because of course for a girl a girl who would
generally see you as a four
sees you as a 7 because she's high anyway of
course that girl wouldn't like you no way
if she wasn't high
you wouldn't get one  [ __ ] with that chick if she
wasn't high it's super easy
because she gets them high
but come on, I
'm not even seeing him. It's like when she denies I
click it really makes my balls swell I
can't tell you any other way
every time he crashes he denies this eclipse makes my
balls swell because I don't
even see that I'm insinuating it or
double-reading it the worst thing is
that he's saying it literally I
mean he's saying it
literally he's not insinuating it he's
dropping it he's no no no no no
no on second reading no no he's
saying it literally super
proud And with a cool face
and that's it the guy came out explaining
that Irene Montero
will have everything you want that I'm
the first to mess with Irene Montero
but that I don't care in this sense
you are the only part of the Irene
Montero ad in which they haven't manipulated
the only thing they've done is do you a
favor because the real clip was even
worse I mean
but yes the real clip is
even worse than the one in the ad
that a chick  that you would see as a four you
see it as a 7 So it's much
easier and you're also calm you measure
your words perfectly sucked
instead of drooling and and falling
against the columns instead of
drooling and falling down the columns
or in other words there being writing in the state
that it is in, it's
very strong man It's that to me this
seems like the [ __ ] you know and that a
hamburger brand comes and I put a
hamburger in Chocas it blows my mind and
that a rewin comes and we put Chocas it blows
my mind and that some Esland awards come
and we take Chocas it
blows my mind and then you invite him to the party it
's that I In fact I in fact he is that the
truth is the worse I see the click
The more I see the click I see it worse
So of course and he drank some juices
and went to hell and [ __ ] great he
went out to flirt he went out with us and he
went out with someone he went out to flirt it's not
even to say that you say no Let's see it
can come up that you  don't be drunk and
the girls yes no no no he went out to flirt the
phrase is he went out to flirt he had fun
taking high chicks
what is that he is saying it literally it's not
even that I'm
insinuating it or bouncing or anything dude
Okay so the guy is denying this the
guy says that this was a sketch that
they pulled out of him out of joy and that he's not
saying it that this is a sketch that
helps the kids not to drink that you
should
always thank him for it a crack an outstanding The
truth is outstanding [ __ ] a guy who
does this is outstanding I mean
[ __ ] pro it's that the whole river is in
turmoil fishermen's profit to rivers in
turmoil fishermen's profit the more
stoned marches there are the more they're going to get
The Fishermen you know
in turmoil fishermen's profit
kids you throw out the line and if there are a
lot of high women some fall you know
they're all drooling around there not
bumping into corners I mean it's
mind-blowing man the people who applaud
this guy the people who applauded this guy
and that  becomes a millionaire and
subscribes and all these things that are mind-blowing,
mind-blowing, and that there are and that he is
between being invited to the series that to
me seems like support
[ __ ] I'm going to talk about this topic I don't
prepare what I'm going to say I don't prepare
what I'm going to say [ __ ] but I said [ __ ] man do
n't make a
fool of yourself dude it's true [ __ ] it's
a topic that I'm not handling well It's
obvious that I'm not handling well you already
know man I try not to talk about this
topic because I don't want to make you sad I
mean you all have your lives you all
have sick people around you people
with cancer people with multiple sclerosis people with
senile dementia people with
all kinds of things dude people have problems it's what it is I mean I'm
not going to play the
victim now I have a [ __ ] great life I
'm very lucky [ __ ] I'm a
100 year old ball aunt man I
can't ask for more life but I'm handling
bad things dude and on top of that they keep happening to me
that aren't current things they keep
coming to me waves of  things from the past
hitting me And yesterday was the last straw
and I was high man they're taking
away the little I have man how
unlucky is life is man he
has a 100 year old grandmother man If I
had my 100 year old grandmother I would still
have her Of course I would still have her of
course on
top of that he has his 100 year old grandmother
man
frutal it's
brutal it's
such a clown it's such a
victim it's one contradiction
after another first he dedicates himself to
playing the victim saying it's that I'm
so busy it's that you wouldn't be I know I
have a very privileged life that he's
lucky that he's playing
like a freak Every [ __ ] day
at the shitty Bowl now you're earning
millions for that It's really
repulsive and of course it gets the
effect it wants within
highly manipulable people and Ana says I
used to dislike him but now I feel sorry for him
one day he'll be fine yes or no don't feel
sorry for him Damn Don't feel sorry for him, he's a
nuancer catamar to everyone [ __ ] world
he's a pathological narcissist please
this is  true another level of repulsion
damn And of course post that hangs well
that hangs licking the balls of
any youtuber on duty And hanging
with any youtuber return Well
basically to show off and look I am
socially accepted and of course this
also wanted more [ __ ] fake people
like mosto papi who is also a
tremendous fake do you remember that I
told you what the guy did When I did the
naim darrechi thing it's the same more [ __ ]
fake people doing fake [ __ ]
What did
Moto papi do when the naim darrechi thing
What did he do let's
see I know that I know that the monster
papi went and did the interview with
Dallas and cut a piece that was like let's
see the most important part of the interview
because the monster papi didn't want to be faked
but with the naimda rechique thing it's what he
took
more photos with more fake people Well look at what
friends we are after having
publicly criticized you my multi-accounts
like that I went down my god How many youtubers
we are How happy what friends We
all are I say more  pictures with these people I
have no idea Wait, they've
invited him to Disney Plus things
Exactly, really [ __ ] laugh, this
really is a [ __ ] laugh, seriously, then to
Disney Plus things, no, this is the
evening, no, this is the evening, no Yes,
yes, it's what I'm telling you I mean,
people start saying,
people start saying
that the gossip channels, let's go watch the Social to finish this, that the gossip channels, no, they can't collaborate with brands, you know, they can't include the gossip channels in the events or they can't bring them out in the rewin because they want to be
white so that the brands, you know,
for commercials, but if they're
promoting Disney Plus, something where they
take you to Chose, man,
there Dallas was wrong, Disney was a
sponsor of the evening, yeah, yeah, but you
're taking a place
sponsored by Disney Plus
to Chose, I'm
hallucinating, I mean, I'm
hallucinating, I can't say anything else,
let's see the social, let's see the
social Look at the stupidity he's done,
let's see what has affected him
you crash to watch YouTube
YouTube
nothing [ __ ] great 6 million views
what's it called
What are the other channels of
chocas called
the choca direct maybe or something like that
was
Katy no no Eugenio neither
the choca TV the chocate really
[ __ ] great he gained a thousand followers
just the day he insulted the parents
okay So really [ __ ] great another four
million views okay let's
see let's see let's see on Twitch
on Twitch really
[ __ ] great let's not have gained
4,500 subscribers since he
insulted the parents on Twitch really
[ __ ] great
four No no it's that in fact Look I was
earning less I
was earning less those days and he has gained he
has started to grow as a result of insulting the
parents
brutal
we live in this world eh we live in this
world eh I love to comment on it here with
you so you can see the world we
live in okay look
man on Instagram he has lost 250
subscribers
and on Twitter
on Instagram it seems like something 200
people
Javi society dako it's not that we live
in  a very no no society on Twitter has
gained has gained two thousand
new followers since then okay 2000
new followers since then [ __ ]
great I
mean I would love to see
the minds of people who
[Music]
I would love to see the minds of
people who suddenly run into the
chocas and didn't know them Okay says [ __ ]
look at a guy who insults his father and
follows him do you understand me I mean it's
mind-blowing
the importance of Mental Health it's mind-blowing it
's scary
Javi has already apologized enough forgive me forgive me forgive me it's
true it's
true it's true I'm going too
far maybe this time maybe I'm
going a little bit too far eh okay at a
pace Yeah they've already sent it to me
[ __ ] it's what places have they sent me the
gossip from the 16th we're with those from the
15th yet let's see let's see a
controversy that the Dead has had
related to his The challenge okay from
apex The Dead on his secondary channel
responded to a his secondary channel of
his gossip channel luare please
mention it to me properly the  de
responded on his secondary channel to a
streamer named melford who was
respectfully criticizing the challenge in a thread
for not taking into account
many more Spanish or Apex streamers.
In it, he responded that first of
all, in his tournament he invites anyone to whatever he
wants and that in fact he has no
problem inviting people he does
n't know as long as he sees that they have some
relevance and viewers and that he doesn't
ask for many viewers. Just don't be
anonymous. Well, specifically
the respect that she gave, specifically the
Dead, specifically the Dead, in all
honesty, I have to say, okay, in favor of the
ded, that I, for example, value those things
a lot, not like it seems like a
gesture to me. Hey, a good professional gesture. Not to
me, for example, the one who invited me to the
Fall guys thing at Chavo del Chapulín, do
you remember?
[ __ ], man, it's just that I lost, man, I lost the
Bot, I lost the tournament, man, it was so fun, it was so
fun, I
lost it
and he invited me despite the fact that he has been
critical of him many times and I am
many times, you know, but he invited me, he didn't
care about inviting me.
How can I not remember?  the trainings because what I
lost was the tournament but not
that I only lost but I lost the
video I do
n't know if we got to upload it to Game
Over I think not dude when writing it Okay he
says I'm going to get into a [ __ ] mess giving
my opinion on what I'm going to say but
if I don't say it I'll explode a thread is coming that
might be a little long I speak from
my personal and selfish way but the
rest of my gaming and
platform colleagues can also take it
personally And they see it the same
way that I have been creating
Apex content at a non-professional level as far as
starting is concerned since
February 24, 2022 years No no three
years dude I have almost exclusively dedicated myself to
creating content in Apex
Legends since then in such a way as to
participate in the
exclusive Respawn conferences Respawn is the
developer of Apex for those who do
not know the releases of the
following seasons as a streamer known
in the community of Jake I feel
disappointed and sad because once again
the streamers who are
there daily are ignored in  this type of
events I feel disappointed because I
see again a community that has a
double standard I don't know what that means a
community that when one in Spanish and I don't
want you to take it as a bard
latam in general does not invite creators
from latam they are told everything to the point of
defaming them and now we are present in
a second edition of this event where
the Spanish streamers are out and
of course if we complain we are
crybabies but it's not just me people
like I don't know who they are people who are who
have grown up with apex and who have worked
hard are always out an event
where the Spanish representation is so
many that I count on one
hand it makes me powerless to see and feel how
the effort
we put into entertaining and wanting to create
something beautiful together is not valued at all where I
feel again that you are a friend of or you are out
of everything where the monopoly is for a
few and gems are lost with few or
medium numbers people also from the
atom who are out When they
are making apex content daily I don't know
very sad okay that is the
girl's book like I said okay zero zero bard
I will answer in the most respectful way
possible because she did too
unlike others who can make
their [ __ ] sarcastic stupid comments
and without any information
okay I want to make something clear the
challenges are that I have wanted to do
since I started on the internet, I have been
doing tournaments and ribs with
the community, my community or the community
of my friends, whatever, since
I started, literally,
my first tournament that I did was a
blacko event and in fact, that's
where I met Silvia, I have always
liked being in tournaments, it's something that I, I don't know, it
fulfills me, it satisfies me, it's fun, it can
be stressful for obvious
reasons. But in some other way, I
always like it, I have liked doing it
because, I don't know, it feels satisfying to me, like
playing against other
content creators and measuring our dicks in
any game, etc., it has never been
in a specific game, it has always been
in any game that I feel like because well, that's
how I have done it on this
specific occasion, we did Apex in October, the
first time, in October of this year
because I wanted to do it, basically, I had already
promised you for a while that I
wanted to do one for Apple, which  Yeah,
so in October we can do it. I spoke
with Vicky who is an
Apex content creator and we
agreed on where we were going to make 20
teams. In each team there was going to be a
Pro. So 20 people were going to be
Apex professionals and another 40 were going to
be noobs. It's not very clear. People
liked one or another problem with the
point count but in general the
event went well and everything was cool. In
fact, that's what I wanted them to
give us a little support but it wasn't
possible because the date was very short when we
asked them when
they could help, meaning they
needed more time to be able to do
something so we said, Okay, in the
future. Well, here they are. They
have this as a test so you can
see that things can be done. Hey,
they saw it, eh, they decided to contact my
agency and told them that today,
tell this one if we want to do another one in
December, yes, we can. At
first I told them no because I already
had other plans for December, I wanted to
do another one for another game and so on.  because
as I say the game always changes I mean
the idea of ​​the challenges is that we are
changing the games but uh
they said no well we put everything we
put the production we put the prize we
give them something to him we give something to
Vicky and they help us with this
promoting this event Ah well cool not
cool eh the only thing the only thing they
told me is the only thing we need is that
the event goes well the typical thing
of a brand that asks you and that it has
visibility not that there are
good viruses no at the end of the day and well I
said Okay I told vi that Hey if you
want this to be a little more
for entertainment to attract people and
that then I think that we are going to
do this from content creators in
general Because if we limit ourselves to
only Apex content creators it
is going to be very bad And if we limit ourselves
to the 10 content creators Exactly he says he is
going to invite her at least
when she does something like that you don't have to
give her so much
explanations the Dead is at a level of those
that I am not stopping the video you are
telling me is that you are in  staryuki mode it's
not that I'm going to stop the video, I mean, he
's giving the explanations of how
the collaboration came about. Well, look, the brand
contacts me such and such, such and such. It
turns out that in addition to that, I
don't think that the Dead, knowing me and
taking into account things like what I
told you at the beginning of the stratum, I don't
think he'll take her into account
negatively, like I'm not inviting her anymore
because she posted this thread, he's not giving them
the explanation, in fact he's making her
famous. Because that girl is not well-known, no,
but
man, I don't
know, like, I don't
think it's fair on this occasion what they
're telling him because
honestly
he has no problem, he hasn't had a
problem inviting anyone, but much
less for a matter of country, you know, they betray
the continent or anything like that
because the girl is marking it, it's not that
the Spanish presence can be counted
on one hand, well, but who knows
who has offered, you know what happens
also with what with this there is one thing that
is important too. Okay,
when you invite, I mean, when there is a
tournament of people from Spain, where
people from Spain are invited, what the people from Spain have to do
according to the schedule  where
the events are held coincide with the fact that
people are either more or less
approaching noon or at most the
hour after lunch, you know, at most
in the morning, but well, closer
to noon, lunchtime and so on, so it's
easier for them to adapt,
okay. But when there are tournaments
where people are invited, they invite Spaniards, these are
times when Spaniards
are often in bed, I mean, we're talking, I do
n't remember that now it was the
ded tournament, but I think it was like the one I
went to, the Chapulín tournament, I think it was like
12 at night, here I don't think it was
like 2 or 1 in the morning, you know.
So it's less likely that there are
Spanish people there, okay, I
respect and admire you more and more, skillful, a kiss,
Belén, queen. I remember that when I
did the interview with Juan Guarnizo,
we were here, 6 or 7 in
the afternoon, I think it was, and he was there in the
morning, you know, he had just woken up
and it seems to me that he did, I don't know if he had to do
some paperwork and we did it
but it was super early. I think it was
like 10 in the morning.  for him or
11 in the morning you know
those with the most views are going to be
very unbalanced the teams are going to be
a mess so I said no better We don't
close it to the general public and that's it
and that was the decision, I mean it was just like that I
mean it wasn't like he had a
mental breakdown we didn't think about it anymore it was just
like let's grab people who more or
less have visibility in the community
and if we can't grab the
biggest ones then we grab one or another
medium one and so on and we fill the space
in the end we don't even focus that much
on that because as you can see in the
list well in the lists that we have
there the games eh some creators don't
even reach 100 views some don't
even reach 20 I think it is eh so
in the end it's like this views are worth a little bit to us
but we did want
the minimum level to be the same eh I don't
know how to say it but the same level
to be for everyone I mean not that we didn't
include pros Because if we included pros it
would unbalance the whole event it would
make it not fun for the
content creators and well it was  to be the same as the
usual drivers
then it was going to be boring Okay
then we keep that without worrying so
much about the views I'm bad dude Today
I'm bad dude Today I'm bad I'll never know how to
play Fortnite man I'll never understand
that game it's so difficult critic Gamer
Javi I just tagged you on Twitter a
topic that might interest you about Dallas
probably more tagged the two
corncobs No we've already discussed it no
critic critic critic I
find it I just I just
saw you you
tagged me in a person who
has blocked me I know María Sempere I
don't even know who the [ __ ]
Joseph is María Sempere I have no idea I do
n't know who
Alien vs. Predator is
I'm going to ask Lorena something let's
see a I mean I'm going to see what topics she's
put space for me for today I've
told you eh I say I'm going to be direct
earlier to discuss yesterday's topics and it's
going to be mixed with today's it's that we
want to see something
Lorena and I on TV
the mother who gave birth to you auron and you choca
about Kung he choca answers the
feminists who criticize him for
defending them
journalists warn Juan de Dios
Pantoja
okay Let's
see, I'm going to watch the one from
do the one from auron I watch it for the news
the one from chocas I also watch it for the
news
okay the one from Juan guarnizo yes I'm going to watch it the one from
Juan guarnizo yes I'm interested
Because he says Juan guarnizo gets mad at
elon more on Twitter Juan guarnizo has been
complaining about the
Twitter situation for several times, put them more And
according to him, elon made Twitter worse let's see,
the verified thing, man, I'm watching it, it's a
tremendous [ __ ] up okay because
elon wanted of course he's
looking to be profitable Twitter okay
but it seems to me that the verified thing
is screwing up and he should remove it
already irregular okay okay I mean now it turns out they've been doing it
since they released the
verified thing from Twitter Blue This is okay
with what it cost to release that
with what the [ __ ] verified cost me to
get it but it's a [ __ ] shitty piece of
[ __ ] let's see, I'll put a
subscription payment option okay for a Twitter
like a version
like  an extra version of Twitter that doesn't
have special features and all
but that is not related to the
verified or take out a separate verified
for that
you understand But do not touch the verified
from before that differentiated the
relevant people from those who do not
understand me or be clear now that what
is doing in the end if you have put
the paid verified to the blue verified
to the people who pay for Twitter Blue
Well now how the [ __ ] is it going to be the
same that verified as the one you have or
is it more like Laden
Obama or vamovil Laden Obama Trump
Aitana Ricky Martin or I mean how is it going to be the
same verified
for a guy Because he paid 8 euros and another
because he is famous or a
content creator who is famous and another who is not I
mean it does not make sense of course and in the
end from the first moment what they are
doing is touching things they remove them they
put them they remove them and put them okay
first they put that nonsense of the
official down official let's see
why they put the official then
no don't invent any [ __ ] [ __ ] and
leave the verified as it was that in
all social networks and for the whole
life of God the  verified means
someone relevant on this platform.
The official one was removed, they've
put it back now, but I don't understand
why you put that,
what does that have to do with it? And now what they've
done is a yellow verified and they're
putting it on companies. And well, I've already
seen two or three with the verified one, which
shows that Twitter Spain still
has connections and connections from the progressives,
okay, I mean, I have the feeling that
the Twitter Spain office still has
n't made a change of workers
because they've given the verified one to people
like Jane, wrong, this is Rubio's ex,
the redhead is super progressive, okay, she
already has the yellow verified one.
I think that in the end they'll end up removing it,
leaving the verified one as it was, listen to me,
the verified one of all [ __ ]
life, the one who has the verified one is
because he is someone famous, relevant or
whatever, leave me with the [ __ ] nonsense. Of course it
's not that, of course, what he's done here
is
the verified one,
everyone is going to want it, you know,
everyone is going to want verified, it turns
out that of course and now how do you
differentiate those who are truly verified,
well, I'm going to  to put the
official letter below I'm
going to put the color yellow let's
see leave it as it was and take out a little symbol
next to it for people who pay for
Twitter Blue this Twitter apart there is
another little symbol apart from the
verified one there is a little symbol that is like
a globe that I don't remember what it
meant but for example elche who
is a kid who was canceled no
alvi alvis Style Look you go in here and
he has another symbol here that is like
a globe look I do
n't know what it means the truth is
that I don't know what it means
right now Maybe it does
n't work now I don't know Hey for the
people who have contracted Twitter
this special one then put it Okay but don't
touch the verified one now you click on the
verified one for life and you get
this verified account it is old it may
or may not be relevant yours it
may or may not be worth it let's
see if there is someone that I follow that
has the
yellow verified one already
and in the end the same thing will happen of course the
yellow verified
No, it's not ugly I don't think it's bad it's
a verified you know but now the
yellow verified well in the end it
will end up being a  little the same
by plug and stuff like that Let's
see if there's someone
who follows me
well Movistar and but users users are
not going to have it nobody
user is not going to have it nobody
and besides I don't know what they're going through
to distribute it I mean suddenly you
find that you wake up and they've put it on you
or how it goes
yellow nobody is going to have it
right now later on surely yes
that I only follow
Movistar because it's a company of course that
I continue that I follow with him nothing
nothing yellow nothing let's
see what Juan thinks it
would be very interesting even he himself
used it even he
used it no the other time
everyone was listening to it what
nonsense the truth is they disabled it
because they doxed elon some famous journalists
Hey I don't give a damn about three hectares of [ __ ]
dick that someone doc is elon more
really the [ __ ] power goes to his
head in such a [ __ ] way
that I can't care more I love
Twitter but I can't care more dick
elon Mask what happens or doesn't happen to
most people shouldn't  affect Twitter
because it's his company it's not an extension
of him you know
to me the truth is you've left me a
little bit the fact that now every
three scrolls you're giving suddenly
a tweet appears that
talks about what the [ __ ] he's
doing today when you don't even follow him I don't know it seems to me that it's already spam and like they want to sell you the image of here is elon see this is elon's remember that I don't give a damn leave me alone it
's very annoying I mean that thing about you
going into the answer and capable of making me a
member dude But I owe it to you for the
good times
Juan But anyway my friend Thank you so much
for that piece of super chat a
huge kiss Rey a huge kiss Wow
made the night Wow today you're on
any tweet see the answer if
suddenly if they notice you end up in
tweets from elon more without any sense to
me it seemed like [ __ ]
eh Juanito there's no need to block him
Yes it's that if he tweets it comes
recommended every time he tweets I'm the one who follows him I think I
follow him quite well
informed of what  what do you know about the move
But he always comes up recommended every
time he tweets
that's what Elon did he
's like the daddy of Twitter not like the
boss no every time he speaks it comes up to
everyone No seriously I've done that
but it will be the people more or less who follow
His content no
Yes to me they come up with the account of the
kids that I only follow nine
people
yellow is only companies blue people
gray governor gray governor
Ah well I haven't seen I have
n't seen let's see
Clear but it has to be governor
But look here there's a guy since he
has it yellow
Elon doesn't have it yellow yet
who has it gray I haven't seen it
Gray to anyone Let's see the
people who follow Barack Obama I have
n't seen anyone well it has to
look super ugly no I mean it has to
be super little visible no
with gray he refers to the icon to that official icon
but that's a [ __ ] Yes
companies have that for example the country
no
Ah well for good no the world
Ah well now they don't come up with it it's the
same they remove it and put it the same they remove it and
put it that
seems like a thing to me  [ __ ] it seems like
[ __ ] to me
that they are messing around they are messing around
well guys I'm going to go there was
something with Lorena I'm
going to record some newscasts so that
someone can upload a newscast at least
today and they
have removed the spaces it can't be if we just
talked today about that there was a
space of
ocelot against the chocas no
every day it says something different Yes yes every
day it says something different well guys I'm going
to I'm going to leave it here I
will record a newscast so that
the newscast is there but I'm going to leave it
here because I want to watch a video with Lorena
that you would like to see
a video with you you would love to see
but not You're going to see it yet you'll
see I'm
going to relax yes I'm going to relax today
comfortably nothing family A
huge kiss see you I don't know if tomorrow or the day after
okay tomorrow Saturday leave me
alone a little let's see if tomorrow maybe we can do
the Leo no that
many things don't come out we'll get the Lego tomorrow
[ __ ] at least let's make a Mickey
and then we'll make the mini the  Another day, but
well, let's see if a family kiss is possible
[Music]